Fix typo in docs/plugin-proposal-class-properties (#2286)
babel/website: docs/plugin-proposal-class-properties.md

  }
```

> Without `{ "loose": false }`, the above code will compile to the following, using `Object.defineProperty`:

Reviewer: Thanks for the PR, but this is actually correct... if loose is false, it will use `Object.defineProperty`. The "without" might be confusing, maybe this is clearer as:

> When `loose` is set to `false`, the above code will compile to the following:

And subsequently,

> When `loose` is set to `true`, the above code will compile to the following:

Thoughts?

Author: Ohhhhh! I am so sorry!!! Ok I think this is better

Reviewer: No need to apologize!

Would you like to update this PR with those changes?

Author: Yea I will do that

> Without `{ "loose": false }`, the above code will compile to the following, using `Object.defineProperty`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When `loose` is set to `false`, the above code will compile to the following, using `Object.defineProperty`:
```
